workspace/README.md, before:

# Workspace

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) using [Nrwl Nx](https://nrwl.io/nx).

## Nrwl Extensions for Angular (Nx)

<a href="https://nrwl.io/nx"><img src="https://preview.ibb.co/mW6sdw/nx_logo.png"></a>

Nx is an open source toolkit for enterprise Angular applications.

Nx is designed to help you create and build enterprise grade Angular applications. It provides an opinionated approach to application project structure and patterns.

## Quick Start & Documentation

[Watch a 5-minute video on how to get started with Nx.](http://nrwl.io/nx)

## Generate your first application

Run `ng generate app myapp` to generate an application. When using Nx, you can create multiple applications and libraries in the same CLI workspace. Read more [here](http://nrwl.io/nx).

## Development server

Run `ng serve --project=myapp` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name --project=myapp` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build --project=myapp` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).
Before running the tests make sure you are serving the app via `ng serve`.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

Update with Boatnet specific instructions

workspace/README.md, after:

# Workspace

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) using [Nrwl Nx](https://nrwl.io/nx).

## Nrwl Extensions for Angular (Nx)

<a href="https://nrwl.io/nx"><img src="https://preview.ibb.co/mW6sdw/nx_logo.png"></a>

Nx is an open source toolkit for enterprise Angular applications.

Nx is designed to help you create and build enterprise grade Angular applications. It provides an opinionated approach to application project structure and patterns.

## Quick Start & Documentation

[Watch a 5-minute video on how to get started with Nx.](http://nrwl.io/nx)

## Generate your first application

Run `ng generate app myapp` to generate an application. When using Nx, you can create multiple applications and libraries in the same CLI workspace. Read more [here](http://nrwl.io/nx).

The Angular Console application https://angularconsole.com/ has a UI for running the Nx schematics and works well.

## Development server

Run `ng serve myapp` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name --project=myapp` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

The Angular Console is useful for configuring parameters here.

## Build

Run `ng build myapp` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Common Boatnet Nx Operations to try
* Auto-format your code prior to commit
```
npm run format
```
* Create a library
```
ng generate library bn-example
```
  * To use, simply import '@boatnet/bn-example' in your code. See libs/bn-auth and libs/bn-models for examples.

* Detect which apps your changes affect https://nx.dev/guides/monorepo-affected
```
npm run affected:build -- --base=master

```
* Dependency graphs for libraries and apps
```
npm run dep-graph
npm run affected:dep-graph -- --base=master
```
